# Note 1
* The consolidated accounts represent PepsiCo and affiliates they control. Additionally parts of affiliates that they control both in equity and influence over financial decisions but own less than 50%
* Moving, storing, delivering finished product is included under selling, general and administrative expenses not cost of sales.
* FLNA is food and snacks business
* QFNA is cereal/rice and paster
- PBNA is beverages
- LatAm is latin america
- AMESA is Africa Middle East and South Asia
- APAC is Asia Pacific and Australia/new Zealand region

* gives table of share based compensation

| Department | 2019 |
|:---|---:|
|FLNA| 13%|
|QFNA| 1%|
|PBNA| 17%|
|LatAm| 7%|
|Europe| 17%|
|AMESA| 3%|
|APAC| 5%|
|Corporate unallocated expense| 37%|

* omitted 2018 and 2017, generally the same. notible changes are 
    * AMESA is decreasing from %5 by 1% per year
    * Europe compensation increased significantly from 9% to 17%
    
| | Amortization | Depreciation|
|---|---:|---:|
|FLNA|$ 7|$ 492|
|QFNA| ---|44|
|PBNA| 29|857|
|LatAm| 5|270|
|Europe| 37|341|
|AMESA| 2|116|
|APAC| 1|76|
|total division|81|2196
|Corporate| ---|155|
|Total|$ 81|2351|

* Omitted 2018 and 2017, general notes are
    * Europe is the only major increase from 23 to 37 amort
    * depreciation increased in most areas and but also decreased in two (AMESA and Corporate) which offset the increase in depreciation. 

- ## Net Revenue and Long lived Assets
    - united states
        - Revenute increase 38.6 from 37.1 from 36.6
        - long lived assets: 30.6 frfom 29.1
    - Mexico
        - revenue increases across the board
        - LLA increases
    -Russia
        - Flat revenue
        - increased LLA
    - Canada
        - increases revenue
        - increased/flat LLA
    - UK
        - increased revenue/flat
        - increased LLA
    - China
        - big increases in revenue
        - huge increase in LLA
    - Brazil
        - decreases in revenue
        - decrease in LLA
    - ALL other countries
        - increases in revenue
        - increase in LLA
    - Total
        - increases in revenue, pretty substantial in my opinion, don't know if it is normal
        - increase in LLA looks good to me

    - Thoughts 
        - why did they omit other countries?
        - omitted countries seem to be mostly europe

            ### This shows growth, healthy growth? 

# Note 2 Significant accounting policies

#### Revenue recognition
- Revenue is recognized when performance obligation is satisfied (product arrived at customer)
- products are sold for cash or credit which is usually due in 30 to 90 days. -allowing discounts for early payment-
- bad debt expense is under "selling, genereal and administrative expenses"
- majority of credit risk comes from the major customers like walmart however there is no history of credit issues
- marketing adn advertising is reported uinder "selling, general and adminsitrative expenses"
- deffered adveritising costs are under prepaid expenses and other current asses
- RnD is reportued under selling general and administrative expenses !!consumer research is excluded and included in marketing costs!!

# Note 3 - restrucuring and impairment charges
- 2019 prod. plan
- costs to the company for organizational activities
- theyve been 2019 increased a lot 373 from 316
- goal is to adopt new technology and business models to simplify and automate processes. 
- PBNA, LatAM, Europe, AMESA, APAC, and Corporate amassed a significant amount of restructuring charges
- 2014 prod. plan
- plan is to invest in manufacturing

### For this section maybe is it is important to note avg spending, how spending changes, 

# Note 4 - property plant equip. and intangible assets
- PPE are stable, don't change much
- amortization of intangible assetscosts have increased from 69 to 81
- 5 year amortization plan is to decrease from 82 to 74 by 2024
- is it important to note that amortization has been increasing and that they plan to decrease it? I thought amortization of intangibles were supposed to be quite constant unless they acquire new things. 
- this section goes on about depreciation stuff

# Note 5 - income taxes
- 
